Candidate:
PublicDate:
References:
Description:
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 mdeslaur> some binary drivers are no longer support by NVidia, so they
 mdeslaur> are marked as ignored here
Mitigation: 
Bugs: 
Priority: untriaged
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS: 

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: ignored
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: not-affected (superseded)
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: not-affected (superseded)
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: not-affected (superseded)
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: not-affected (superseded)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: not-affected (superseded)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: not-affected (superseded)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: not-affected (superseded)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: not-affected (superseded)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: not-affected (superseded)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: ignored (end of standard support)
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: ignored (end of standard support)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: not-affected (superseded)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: needs-triage
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: needs-triage
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: needs-triage
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: needs-triage
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: needs-triage
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: needs-triage
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: not-affected (superseded)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: needs-triage
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: needs-triage
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: needs-triage
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: needs-triage
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
trusty/esm_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: ignored
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: needs-triage
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: needs-triage
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: needs-triage
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: needs-triage
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: needs-triage
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: needs-triage
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: DNE
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: needs-triage
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: needs-triage
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: needs-triage

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: DNE
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535-server: needs-triage

