Candidate: CVE-2017-7001
PublicDate: 2018-04-03 06:29:00 UTC
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-7001
 https://support.apple.com/HT207797
 https://support.apple.com/HT207798
Description:
 An issue was discovered in certain Apple products. iOS before 10.3.2 is
 affected. macOS before 10.12.5 is affected. The issue involves the "SQLite"
 component. It allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a
 denial of service (memory corruption and application crash) via a crafted
 web site.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 mdeslaur> possibly apple-specific, no details as of 2018-07-17.
 mdeslaur> marking as not-affected in Ubuntu.
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H [8.8 HIGH]

Patches_sqlite:
upstream_sqlite: needs-triage
precise/esm_sqlite: DNE
trusty_sqlite: not-affected
trusty/esm_sqlite: not-affected
xenial_sqlite: not-affected
esm-apps/xenial_sqlite: not-affected
artful_sqlite: not-affected
bionic_sqlite: not-affected
esm-apps/bionic_sqlite: not-affected
devel_sqlite: not-affected

Patches_sqlite3:
upstream_sqlite3: needs-triage
precise/esm_sqlite3: not-affected
trusty_sqlite3: not-affected
trusty/esm_sqlite3: not-affected
xenial_sqlite3: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_sqlite3: not-affected
artful_sqlite3: not-affected
bionic_sqlite3: not-affected
esm-infra/bionic_sqlite3: not-affected
devel_sqlite3: not-affected
