Candidate: CVE-2016-5425
PublicDate: 2016-10-13 14:59:00 UTC
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-5425
 http://legalhackers.com/advisories/Tomcat-RedHat-Pkgs-Root-PrivEsc-Exploit-CVE-2016-5425.html
Description:
 It was discovered that the Tomcat packages installed configuration file
 /usr/lib/tmpfiles.d/tomcat.conf writeable to the tomcat group. A member of
 the group or a malicious web application deployed on Tomcat could use this
 flaw to escalate their privileges.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by: Dawid Golunski
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.1/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H [7.8 HIGH]
 nvd: CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H [7.8 HIGH]

Patches_tomcat7:
upstream_tomcat7: not-affected
precise_tomcat7: not-affected
trusty_tomcat7: not-affected
trusty/esm_tomcat7: not-affected
vivid/stable-phone-overlay_tomcat7: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_tomcat7: DNE
xenial_tomcat7: not-affected
esm-apps/xenial_tomcat7: not-affected
devel_tomcat7: not-affected

Patches_tomcat6:
upstream_tomcat6: not-affected
precise_tomcat6: not-affected
trusty_tomcat6: not-affected
trusty/esm_tomcat6: not-affected
vivid/stable-phone-overlay_tomcat6: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_tomcat6: DNE
xenial_tomcat6: not-affected
esm-apps/xenial_tomcat6: not-affected
devel_tomcat6: DNE

Patches_tomcat8:
upstream_tomcat8: not-affected
precise_tomcat8: DNE
trusty_tomcat8: DNE
trusty/esm_tomcat8: DNE
vivid/stable-phone-overlay_tomcat8: DNE
vivid/ubuntu-core_tomcat8: DNE
xenial_tomcat8: not-affected
esm-infra/xenial_tomcat8: not-affected
devel_tomcat8: not-affected
