Candidate: CVE-2010-1730
PublicDate: 2010-05-06 14:53:00 UTC
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-1730
 http://h.ackack.net/overflow-in-webkit-dll-safari-and-opera.html
Description:
 Dolphin Browser 2.5.0 on the HTC Hero allows remote attackers to cause a
 denial of service (application crash) via JavaScript that writes <marquee>
 sequences in an infinite loop.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 jdstrand> per Debian, CVE-2010-1729/1730/1731 are the same issue but with
  different effects. This is the KDE CVE
 jdstrand> per Debian, dos-only
 mdeslaur> this doesn't look like it applies to kdelibs, can be changed
 mdeslaur> back if proved otherwise.
Bugs:
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS: 

Patches_kdelibs:
upstream_kdelibs: needs-triage
dapper_kdelibs: ignored (end of life)
hardy_kdelibs: ignored (end of life)
intrepid_kdelibs: not-affected
jaunty_kdelibs: not-affected
karmic_kdelibs: not-affected
lucid_kdelibs: not-affected
maverick_kdelibs: not-affected
devel_kdelibs: not-affected

Patches_kde4libs:
upstream_kde4libs: needs-triage
dapper_kde4libs: DNE
hardy_kde4libs: ignored (end of life)
intrepid_kde4libs: not-affected
jaunty_kde4libs: not-affected
karmic_kde4libs: not-affected
lucid_kde4libs: not-affected
maverick_kde4libs: not-affected
devel_kde4libs: not-affected

Patches_qt4-x11:
upstream_qt4-x11: needs-triage
dapper_qt4-x11: not-affected (no webkit)
hardy_qt4-x11: not-affected (no webkit)
intrepid_qt4-x11: not-affected
jaunty_qt4-x11: not-affected
karmic_qt4-x11: not-affected
lucid_qt4-x11: not-affected
maverick_qt4-x11: not-affected
devel_qt4-x11: not-affected

