Candidate: CVE-2012-0498
PublicDate: 2012-02-15 22:55:00 UTC
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-0498
Description:
 Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component
 in Oracle Java SE 7 Update 2 and earlier, 6 Update 30 and earlier, and 5.0
 Update 33 and earlier allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality,
 integrity, and availability via unknown vectors related to 2D.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 mdeslaur> in natty+, NetX and the plugin moved to the icedtea-web package
 sbeattie> unlisted in icedtea 6 release notes, assuming only applies to
   sun-java6
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS: 

Patches_sun-java6:
upstream_sun-java6: needs-triage
hardy_sun-java6: ignored (end of life)
lucid_sun-java6: DNE
maverick_sun-java6: DNE
natty_sun-java6: DNE
oneiric_sun-java6: DNE
precise_sun-java6: DNE
quantal_sun-java6: DNE
raring_sun-java6: DNE
devel_sun-java6: DNE

Patches_sun-java5:
upstream_sun-java5: needs-triage
hardy_sun-java5: ignored (end of life)
lucid_sun-java5: DNE
maverick_sun-java5: DNE
natty_sun-java5: DNE
oneiric_sun-java5: DNE
precise_sun-java5: DNE
quantal_sun-java5: DNE
raring_sun-java5: DNE
devel_sun-java5: DNE

Patches_openjdk-6:
upstream_openjdk-6: needs-triage
hardy_openjdk-6: not-affected
lucid_openjdk-6: not-affected
maverick_openjdk-6: not-affected
natty_openjdk-6: not-affected
oneiric_openjdk-6: not-affected
precise_openjdk-6: not-affected
quantal_openjdk-6: not-affected
raring_openjdk-6: not-affected
devel_openjdk-6: not-affected

Patches_openjdk-6b18:
upstream_openjdk-6b18: needs-triage
hardy_openjdk-6b18: DNE
lucid_openjdk-6b18: not-affected
maverick_openjdk-6b18: not-affected
natty_openjdk-6b18: not-affected
oneiric_openjdk-6b18: not-affected
precise_openjdk-6b18: DNE
quantal_openjdk-6b18: DNE
raring_openjdk-6b18: DNE
devel_openjdk-6b18: DNE

Patches_icedtea-web:
upstream_icedtea-web: needs-triage
hardy_icedtea-web: DNE
lucid_icedtea-web: not-affected
maverick_icedtea-web: DNE
natty_icedtea-web: not-affected
oneiric_icedtea-web: not-affected
precise_icedtea-web: not-affected
quantal_icedtea-web: not-affected
raring_icedtea-web: not-affected
devel_icedtea-web: not-affected

Patches_openjdk-7:
upstream_openjdk-7: needs-triage
hardy_openjdk-7: DNE
lucid_openjdk-7: DNE
maverick_openjdk-7: DNE
natty_openjdk-7: DNE
oneiric_openjdk-7: not-affected
precise_openjdk-7: not-affected
quantal_openjdk-7: not-affected
raring_openjdk-7: not-affected
devel_openjdk-7: not-affected

