Candidate: CVE-2023-28432
PublicDate: 2023-03-22 21:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-28432
 https://github.com/minio/minio/security/advisories/GHSA-6xvq-wj2x-3h3q
 https://github.com/minio/minio/releases/tag/RELEASE.2023-03-20T20-16-18Z
Description:
 Minio is a Multi-Cloud Object Storage framework. In a cluster deployment
 starting with RELEASE.2019-12-17T23-16-33Z and prior to
 RELEASE.2023-03-20T20-16-18Z, MinIO returns all environment variables,
 including `MINIO_SECRET_KEY` and `MINIO_ROOT_PASSWORD`, resulting in
 information disclosure. All users of distributed deployment are impacted.
 All users are advised to upgrade to RELEASE.2023-03-20T20-16-18Z.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:N/A:N [7.5 HIGH]

Patches_golang-github-minio-minio-go:
upstream_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
trusty_golang-github-minio-minio-go: ignored (out of standard support)
xenial_golang-github-minio-minio-go: ignored (out of standard support)
bionic_golang-github-minio-minio-go: ignored (end of standard support, was needs-triage)
focal_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
jammy_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
kinetic_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
lunar_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
devel_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage

Patches_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7:
upstream_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
trusty_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: ignored (out of standard support)
xenial_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: ignored (out of standard support)
bionic_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: DNE
focal_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: DNE
jammy_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
kinetic_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
lunar_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
devel_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
