Candidate: CVE-2023-28433
PublicDate: 2023-03-22 21:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-28433
 https://github.com/minio/minio/commit/8d6558b23649f613414c8527b58973fbdfa4d1b8
 https://github.com/minio/minio/security/advisories/GHSA-w23q-4hw3-2pp6
 https://github.com/minio/minio/commit/b3c54ec81e0a06392abfb3a1ffcdc80c6fbf6ebc
 https://github.com/minio/minio/releases/tag/RELEASE.2023-03-20T20-16-18Z
Description:
 Minio is a Multi-Cloud Object Storage framework. All users on Windows prior
 to version RELEASE.2023-03-20T20-16-18Z are impacted. MinIO fails to filter
 the `\` character, which allows for arbitrary object placement across
 buckets. As a result, a user with low privileges, such as an access key,
 service account, or STS credential, which only has permission to
 `PutObject` in a specific bucket, can create an admin user. This issue is
 patched in RELEASE.2023-03-20T20-16-18Z. There are no known workarounds.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H [8.8 HIGH]

Patches_golang-github-minio-minio-go:
upstream_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
trusty_golang-github-minio-minio-go: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_golang-github-minio-minio-go: ignored (end of standard support)
bionic_golang-github-minio-minio-go: ignored (end of standard support, was needs-triage)
focal_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
jammy_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
kinetic_golang-github-minio-minio-go: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
esm-apps/bionic_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
lunar_golang-github-minio-minio-go: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
mantic_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage
devel_golang-github-minio-minio-go: needs-triage

Patches_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7:
upstream_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
trusty_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: ignored (end of standard support)
bionic_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: DNE
focal_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: DNE
jammy_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
kinetic_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
esm-apps/jammy_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
lunar_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: ignored (end of life, was needs-triage)
mantic_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
devel_golang-github-minio-minio-go-v7: needs-triage
