Candidate: CVE-2023-44216
PublicDate: 2023-09-27 15:19:00 UTC
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-44216
 https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/09/gpus-from-all-major-suppliers-are-vulnerable-to-new-pixel-stealing-attack/
 https://blog.imaginationtech.com/introducing-pvric4-taking-image-compression-to-the-next-level/
 https://blog.imaginationtech.com/reducing-bandwidth-pvric/
 https://github.com/UT-Security/gpu-zip
 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37663159
 https://www.hertzbleed.com/gpu.zip/
 https://www.hertzbleed.com/gpu.zip/GPU-zip.pdf
 https://www.w3.org/TR/filter-effects-1/
Description:
 PVRIC (PowerVR Image Compression) on Imagination 2018 and later GPU devices
 offers software-transparent compression that enables cross-origin
 pixel-stealing attacks against feTurbulence and feBlend in the SVG Filter
 specification, aka a GPU.zip issue. For example, attackers can sometimes
 accurately determine text contained on a web page from one origin if they
 control a resource from a different origin.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
 rodrigo-zaiden> GPU.zip blog posts claims that all GPUs are likely affected
  but none responded to it yet.
 rodrigo-zaiden> added nvidia drivers tracking, but later updates will
  be necessary for a proper triage over nvidia and other GPUs.
 mdeslaur> some binary drivers are no longer support by NVidia, so they
 mdeslaur> are marked as ignored here
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: medium
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:N/A:N [5.3 MEDIUM]

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: ignored
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-304-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: not-affected (superseded)
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: not-affected (superseded)
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: not-affected (superseded)
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-340-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-352-updates: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-361: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-367: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: not-affected (superseded)
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-375: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: ignored (end of standard support)
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-apps/xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: deferred
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-384: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-390: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: ignored
esm-apps/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: ignored
esm-apps/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-418-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-430: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
esm-apps/jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-435: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
esm-apps/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
esm-apps/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
esm-apps/jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-440-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: deferred
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-450-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
esm-apps/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
esm-apps/focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-455: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460: ignored

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-460-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: deferred
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: deferred
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470: deferred

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: deferred
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: deferred
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-470-server: deferred

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-495: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: ignored
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: not-affected (superseded)
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-510-server: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: deferred
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: deferred
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: deferred
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: deferred
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-515-server: deferred

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: ignored
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: ignored
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: ignored
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-520: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: deferred
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: deferred
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525: deferred

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: deferred
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: deferred
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-525-server: deferred

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: ignored (end of standard support)
esm-infra/bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: deferred
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: deferred
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: deferred
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-530: DNE

Patches_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535:
upstream_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: deferred
trusty_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: DNE
xenial_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: DNE
bionic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: ignored (end of standard support)
focal_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: deferred
jammy_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: deferred
lunar_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: deferred
mantic_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: deferred
devel_nvidia-graphics-drivers-535: deferred
