Candidate: CVE-2021-33813
PublicDate: 2021-06-16 12:15:00 UTC
References:
 https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2021-33813
 https://github.com/hunterhacker/jdom/pull/188
 https://github.com/hunterhacker/jdom/releases
 https://alephsecurity.com/vulns/aleph-2021003
Description:
 An XXE issue in SAXBuilder in JDOM through 2.0.6 allows attackers to cause
 a denial of service via a crafted HTTP request.
Ubuntu-Description:
Notes:
Mitigation:
Bugs:
Priority: low
Discovered-by:
Assigned-to:
CVSS:
 nvd: CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H [7.5 HIGH]


Patches_libjdom1-java:
upstream_libjdom1-java: needs-triage
trusty_libjdom1-java: ignored (out of standard support)
trusty/esm_libjdom1-java: needs-triage
xenial_libjdom1-java: ignored (out of standard support)
esm-apps/xenial_libjdom1-java: needs-triage
bionic_libjdom1-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_libjdom1-java: needs-triage
focal_libjdom1-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_libjdom1-java: needs-triage
groovy_libjdom1-java: ignored (reached end-of-life)
hirsute_libjdom1-java: ignored (reached end-of-life)
impish_libjdom1-java: ignored (reached end-of-life)
jammy_libjdom1-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_libjdom1-java: needs-triage
kinetic_libjdom1-java: needs-triage
devel_libjdom1-java: needs-triage

Patches_libjdom2-java:
upstream_libjdom2-java: needs-triage
trusty_libjdom2-java: ignored (out of standard support)
trusty/esm_libjdom2-java: DNE
xenial_libjdom2-java: ignored (out of standard support)
esm-apps/xenial_libjdom2-java: needs-triage
bionic_libjdom2-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/bionic_libjdom2-java: needs-triage
focal_libjdom2-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/focal_libjdom2-java: needs-triage
groovy_libjdom2-java: ignored (reached end-of-life)
hirsute_libjdom2-java: ignored (reached end-of-life)
impish_libjdom2-java: ignored (reached end-of-life)
jammy_libjdom2-java: needs-triage
esm-apps/jammy_libjdom2-java: needs-triage
kinetic_libjdom2-java: needs-triage
devel_libjdom2-java: needs-triage
